[SAASINT-3704] DDS: Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#19366)
DataDog/integrations-core: forcepoint_secure_web_gateway/README.md

## Overview

> [Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway][1] applies web security policies in the cloud or on the endpoint with distributed enforcement for secure, high-speed access to the web, wherever your people are. It also offers advanced data loss prevention(DLP) capabilities to keep sensitive information from leaking onto websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway][1] applies web security policies in the cloud or on the endpoint with distributed enforcement for secure, high-speed access to the web, wherever your people are. It also offers advanced data loss prevention (DLP) capabilities to keep sensitive information from leaking onto websites.
```

Reviewer 2: Done 👍

## Overview

> [Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway][1] applies web security policies in the cloud or on the endpoint with distributed enforcement for secure, high-speed access to the web, wherever your people are. It also offers advanced DLP capabilities to keep sensitive information from leaking onto websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway][1] applies web security policies in the cloud or on the endpoint with distributed enforcement for secure, high-speed access to the web, wherever your people are. It also offers advanced data loss prevention (DLP) capabilities to keep sensitive information from leaking onto websites.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

This integration ingests the following logs:

- **Web Logs**: Logs generated from general web traffic activity by users.

> - **Web DLP Logs**: Logs generated from Data Loss Prevention (DLP) specific policy actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web DLP Logs**: Logs generated from data loss prevention (DLP) policy actions.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway integration gathers these logs and forwards them to Datadog for seamless analysis. Datadog leverages its built-in log pipelines to parse and enrich these logs, facilitating easy search and detailed insights. With preconfigured out-of-the-box dashboards, the integration offers clear visibility into web activities. Additionally, it includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

Reviewer: Whether something is "easy" or "clear" can be subjective and depend on context; maybe "advanced search" instead?
```suggestion
The Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway integration gathers these logs and forwards them to Datadog for seamless analysis. Datadog leverages its built-in log pipelines to parse and enrich these logs, facilitating advanced search and detailed insights. With preconfigured out-of-the-box dashboards, the integration offers visibility into web activities. Additionally, it includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

## Setup

> ### Generate OAuth Token for Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate an OAuth token for Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> 1. Login to the Forcepoint ONE Security Service Edge Platform.
> 2. Navigate to **SETTINGS > API Interface > OAuth**.
> 3. **REST API OAuth Configuration** page opens which allows you to add and configure different levels of API permissions.
> 4. To add a new configuration, click the **green** plus icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into the Forcepoint ONE Security Service Edge Platform.
2. Navigate to **SETTINGS > API Interface > OAuth**.
3. The **REST API OAuth Configuration** page opens, which allows you to add and configure different levels of API permissions.
4. To add a new configuration, click the green plus icon.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> 5. On the **Edit Application** dialog, fill out the information as mentioned below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Edit Application** dialog, fill out the following information:
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

>     a. **Name**: Name for the new application configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a. **Name**: Enter a name for the new application configuration.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

>     b. **Permissions**: Select **Access your Forcepoint logs (logs api)** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    b. **Permissions**: Select **Access your Forcepoint logs (logs api)**.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

>     c. **Permitted User Groups**: Select as per your requirement. Default is **All**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c. **Permitted User Groups**: Select your required setting. Default is **All**.
```

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

    d. Click **Ok** to save the changes.
    - You will now see your application added to the list, but still listed as **Pending** under status.

> 6. Select the name of your application in the **Application** column to  go into the **Edit Application**.

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

    a. On the **Edit Application** dialog, you will need the **Token Authorization URL** to authorize your current permission and get the access token.

>     b. Click on the URL and it will take you to the **Requested Access** page allowing you to **Approve** or **Deny** the application permission settings. Again you will need to send this URL to each permitted user and have them **Approve** their access.

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> 7. After you approve, you will be given an **Access Token** that is unique to that user  and that the user must keep. This access token will be required to configure integration in datadog. The token is valid forever and must be included in each request for authorization.

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> 8. Once access has been approved, you will notice that **Status** is changed to **Authorized**.

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

> For reference: [Setting up an OAuth token Documentation][2]

Reviewer 3: Have updated as per suggestion

### Connect your Forcepoint Secure Web Gateway Edge to Datadog

1. Add your Access Token.
   | Parameters          | Description                                                                           |
   | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
   | Access Token       | Access token generated above                      |

> 2. Click the Save button to save your settings.

Reviewer 3: 👀

> 2. Click the Save button to save your settings.

Reviewer 2: Hey, @joepeeples we are following a standard format defined across all our integrations as agreed with PM David and Jason.
